hey people john here from fast films and
today we're covering a 2015 french
horror thriller movie named evolution
the movie starts with an underwater
scene of sea life a boy is seen floating
on the water he dives into the water and
finds a dead body of a child with a red
starfish clung to his body
the boy gets scared and swims back to
the surface he gets to the shore and
starts running his mother is making
breakfast in the kitchen she then goes
to nicholas's bedroom only to find out
he isn't there
nicholas comes running to his house and
starts talking breathlessly about the
dead boy under the sea with a red
starfish his mother being worried tells
him not to go there again
next we see nicholas doodling in his
diary drawing a picture of a boy with a
starfish on his belly some boys come
outside his window and call him out the
boys are holding a dead animal on a
stick and ask nicholas to come out to
bury it nicholas tells them about a dead
boy he has seen under the water
one of the boys calls him a liar he then
moves forward and extends the stick
towards nicholas being scared he takes a
step back the kids decide to bury it in
front of the window nicholas climbs out
the window and joins them they place the
creature on the ground and start
throwing dirt on it meanwhile nicholas
puts his hand ahead and touches that
creature afterwards nicholas returns to
his diary and starts drawing the
starfish when his mother arrives
she gives him his medicine which
nicholas drinks he's curious why he's
sick as he feels perfectly fine his
mother makes him understand that as he
is growing up and his body is changing
so that's why he needs medicine
nicholas gets in bed while his mother
closes the window and kisses on his
forehead she inquires nicholas about the
place of the dead body he saw
the next day nicholas and his friends
are standing on a shore while his mother
is down searching for something in the
sea
she comes out with a red starfish in
hand she tells nicholas that there is no
dead body down there nicholas then jumps
into the sea he swims to search for the
body himself while taking short breaths
above the water every few seconds
his mother sees him and shouts his name
upon hearing his name nicholas dives
into water again and tries to grab a
rock underwater he injures his hand
while trying to hold a rock seeing him
in trouble his mother comes and takes
him out on the shore
she takes him to a nurse who stitches
his wound during the night nicholas
stares at his wound we then see a couple
of women leaving their houses with a
lantern in their hands and going to the
shore
nicholas's mother arrives from the sea
with a body in her arms covered in a
blanket another woman takes the blanket
off of his face and then covers it back
all the women stand in a circle around
the body next morning we see nicholas
playing with the red starfish when two
of his friends come over to him
frank calls him a coward and they start
fighting frank's mother comes and stops
them nicholas takes a stone in hand and
crushes one of the arms of the starfish
aggressively his mother stares at him
and puts the starfish in a bowl
nicholas sits on a table and eats the
food he then takes his medicine and goes
to sleep the next day his mother takes
him to a hospital his mother smooches
his forehead and leaves him for an
overnight stay in the hospital
the nurse checks his blood pressure and
tells him that he will get an injection
she also inquires about the drawings
nicholas tells about the animals he has
drawn in his diary the other nurse
stella who stitched his hand earlier
takes a sample of his blood
they both then go to a room where
nicholas is asked to take a shower
stella helps him get undressed while
removing his shirt stella notices a
diary in his pants pocket
she asks nicholas for the diary he hands
her the diary it has all the drawings of
things like a bicycle a car and a
football etcetera
the next scene starts with nicholas in
an operation theater with the nurses
beside him he is strapped down to a
table one of the nurses assures him that
the procedure will be done soon
stella then takes a syringe and injects
him in the belly meanwhile on the shore
we see a couple of women eating sea
creatures including nicholas's mother
nicholas is left alone in a big room
with a lot of child patients like him
the nurses of the hospital are all
gathered in a room watching a video on a
television in the video a doctor is
performing a surgery on a pregnant woman
the next morning nicholas is sitting
beside a window gazing at the sea when
another boy enters the room he explains
to the other boys about what has been
done to him while pointing towards his
belly
nicholas joins the conversation and
guarantees others he isn't sick and
leaves the room
on his way out a nurse passes him by and
smiles at him before looking at
nicholas's belly he then sees stella in
the hallway and proceeds to follow her
but his mother appears from behind and
takes him home
while at home nicholas is standing in
front of a table and staring blankly
into the bowl which has the red starfish
in it his mother puts the medicinal
drops in some water and offers him the
glass he takes his medicine and goes to
bed while lying in the bed nicholas
decides to get up he uses his bedroom
chair to climb across the window to get
into the street he takes a lantern and
starts running through the street he
hides in a corner and watches all the
women leaving their houses with a
lantern in the dark of the night
nicholas goes to his friend victor's
house and knocks on his bedroom window
he quietly calls his name repeatedly
until victor finally wakes up and opens
the window
nicholas doubts that their mothers are
lying to them and he wants to know what
they are up to and what they do at night
he asks victor to accompany him then
victor's nose starts bleeding he cleans
it up and they both go down the street
to the shore
on their way victor gets scared that
they might get lost and he heads back
home
nicholas doesn't stop and keeps on
moving with the lantern in one hand
he sits on a ledge and watches below as
a group of women including his own
mother indulge in an intimate orgy
they are all naked lying bare in the
sand while moaning softly they all touch
each other and are holding an infant
baby which they keep passing
after watching this nicholas is shocked
and starts running back to his house he
climbs the window and gets in his bed
after a while he hears the door open and
he gets out of bed
he goes down the stairs and peeps
through the washroom door the water is
running and his mother is taking a
shower on his mother's back there are
round patches prominent on the skin
but his mother catches him the next
scene starts with nicholas lying on a
table in the hospital nurse stella is
using a probe to scan his abdomen the
other nurse is sitting in a chair
looking at the screen
nicholas mother is waiting beside him
for his ultrasound scan to be completed
his mother smiles as soon the nurses
detect some activity on the scan
after the scan his mother kisses him on
the forehead and leaves him in an
elevator with a nurse and closes the
door behind the nurse takes nicholas to
a room with lots of beds in it she
assigns a bed to nicholas and changes
his clothes nicholas gets in bed and the
nurse adjusts the drip he asks how long
he'll be here but nobody answers him and
the nurse leaves the room after turning
the lights off
victor is also in the room he agrees
that they are all lying and they will
not get any better
the next scene starts with three
disfigured fetuses in a metallic tray
stella picks one of them and puts it in
a jar filled with translucent fluid
there lies a lifeless body of victor on
the table in the room
victor has a sea scar on his belly
stella takes the jar and puts it on a
shelf there are a lot of other jars too
with different creatures and fetuses in
them
then we see nicholas resting in his
hospital room while stella is sitting on
the next bed looking at his diary he
asks her about victor which she ignores
she then hands him a pencil to draw he
draws a wheel with a brown crayon upon
asking nicholas declares that this is a
ferris wheel and explains what a ferris
wheel does
nicholas then draws a picture of a woman
with curly hair after which stella
leaves
a nurse enters the room to announce that
victor has been cured and has sent them
a seashell as a gift
the nurse leaves and puts the shell on
victor's bed all the mothers have come
to meet their children and nicholas's
mom is sitting beside him
she has brought him a bowl of food and
is feeding him she finds his diary on
the bed she takes it and starts going
through it nicholas doesn't want her
mother snooping around and asks her to
return it she finds a drawing of a woman
with curly hair in the ferris wheel
then we see a nurse and nicholas
fighting over a hospital coat
they take him to another room one of the
nurses sedates him using an injection
while stella watches all this nicholas
dreams that he is underwater then he
opens up his eyes with all the boys
standing around his bed
one of the boys checks nicholas diary to
find out it is empty
a second boy takes out a folded piece of
paper from his pockets and unfolds it it
is the same drawing that nicholas had
made earlier of a woman
they put the picture along nicholas's
head then one of the boy says that his
mother is not his real mother the door
opens and all boys run to their beds as
the nurses arrive
all the nurses come together in a room
and are again watching a video of
c-section on a tv
the doctor in the video uses a scalpel
to cut open the abdomen of a woman
the doctor then uses his hands to get
the baby out of the womb
the baby starts crying while nicholas
lays unconscious on the bed stella comes
to him and stops his drip after a bit
nicholas comes to his senses she hands
him a piece of paper and a pencil she
asks him to draw as she also holds a
piece of paper and a crayon he draws a
picture of a starfish stella takes out
the same curly haired woman's drawing
and gives it to nicholas while holding
that his nose starts bleeding stella
uses a handkerchief to clean his nose
afterwards they take him to a room where
he has gone under ultrasonography he
flinches while stella uses the probe to
detect movement for a baby
after the scan stella takes him to an
empty room and divulges a secret
she shares a file which has pictures of
young girls who have the same round
lumps as his mother on their back
he doesn't completely understand what it
is after that she takes him to the beach
and undresses herself nicholas puts his
hand on her back and feels the round
bulges
stella jumps into the water yanking him
along herself she does not let nicholas
get above the surface to breath and his
lungs start to fill up with water
after some time she takes him out on the
shore and resuscitates him by giving cpr
after having a weird dream nicholas
wakes up in the hospital again
he gets out of his bed and sneaks around
the hallway he comes across the room
where one of the boys is lying in bed
the boy asks nicholas if he can feel
movement inside his body
nicholas puts his hand on his belly and
feels it the boy forces nicholas's hand
and puts pressure on his own belly to
stop the movement inside
the boy starts puking blood soon
afterwards nicholas runs out of the room
then he comes across another room where
he sees a boy half submerged in a tank
filled with water a nurse shouts from
behind and takes nicholas away the
nurses then start a surgical operation
on him she cuts open his belly nicholas
wakes up submerged in a tank he looks
down in the water and finds out that two
infants are sucking on his belly
shocked nicholas gasps for air while one
of the infants swims up to the surface
to breath air as well
when nicholas gains his senses again he
is being transported on a bed in the
hospital hallway
stella takes her to the shore and gently
caresses his hair she then jumps into
the water and nicholas follows her she
puts her mouth to his and starts
delivering air as they both swim for the
night
as the sun shines on nicholas's face he
opens his eyes and finds himself in a
boat stella gets up and gives some water
to nicholas stella jumps into the water
and does not return the day passes by
and the night arrives nicholas wakes up
again in the boat he gets up and sees
the boat coming close to a city a city
full of bright lights the movie ends
with nicholas gazing upon the shining
buildings with wide eyes
thanks for watching guys